com/pattern/codility/Employee.java
 com.pattern.codility.Employee
com/pattern/multithreading/pc/ProducerConsumer.java
 com.pattern.multithreading.pc.ProducerConsumer
com/pattern/GFG.java
 com.pattern.Child
 com.pattern.GFG
 com.pattern.Parent
com/pattern/multithreading/pc/Main.java
 com.pattern.multithreading.pc.Main
 com.pattern.multithreading.pc.Main$1
 com.pattern.multithreading.pc.Main$2
com/pattern/codility/RemoveLetters.java
 com.pattern.codility.RemoveLetters
com/pattern/codility/Stroke.java
 com.pattern.codility.Stroke
com/pattern/codility/Solution.java
 com.pattern.codility.Solution
com/pattern/codility/SmallestNumber.java
 com.pattern.codility.SmallestNumber
com/pattern/behavioral/strategy/Main.java
 com.pattern.behavioral.strategy.Main
com/pattern/creational/factory/ShapeFactory.java
 com.pattern.creational.factory.ShapeFactory
com/pattern/behavioral/strategy/SeniorConsultant.java
 com.pattern.behavioral.strategy.SeniorConsultant
com/pattern/behavioral/observer/Subscriber.java
 com.pattern.behavioral.observer.Subscriber
com/pattern/creational/factory/Shape.java
 com.pattern.creational.factory.Shape
com/pattern/creational/factory/Circle.java
 com.pattern.creational.factory.Circle
com/pattern/behavioral/strategy/Employee.java
 com.pattern.behavioral.strategy.Employee
com/pattern/creational/singleton/SingletonMain.java
 com.pattern.creational.singleton.SingletonMain
com/pattern/behavioral/strategy/Role.java
 com.pattern.behavioral.strategy.Role
com/pattern/creational/factory/Square.java
 com.pattern.creational.factory.Square
com/pattern/creational/builder/Main.java
 com.pattern.creational.builder.Main
com/pattern/creational/builder/Phone.java
 com.pattern.creational.builder.Phone
com/pattern/creational/factory/FactoryMain.java
 com.pattern.creational.factory.FactoryMain
com/pattern/behavioral/strategy/LeadConsultant.java
 com.pattern.behavioral.strategy.LeadConsultant
com/pattern/behavioral/strategy/Consultant.java
 com.pattern.behavioral.strategy.Consultant
com/pattern/creational/factory/Rectangle.java
 com.pattern.creational.factory.Rectangle
com/pattern/creational/singleton/SingletonPattern.java
 com.pattern.creational.singleton.SingletonPattern
com/pattern/creational/builder/PhoneBuilder.java
 com.pattern.creational.builder.PhoneBuilder
com/pattern/creational/prototype/Book.java
 com.pattern.creational.prototype.Book
com/pattern/creational/prototype/BookShop.java
 com.pattern.creational.prototype.BookShop
com/pattern/behavioral/strategy/PrincipalConsultant.java
 com.pattern.behavioral.strategy.PrincipalConsultant
com/pattern/behavioral/observer/Main.java
 com.pattern.behavioral.observer.Main
com/pattern/behavioral/observer/Channel.java
 com.pattern.behavioral.observer.Channel
com/pattern/creational/prototype/Main.java
 com.pattern.creational.prototype.Main
com/pattern/structural/proxy/WebPageProxy.java
 com.pattern.structural.proxy.WebPageProxy
com/pattern/structural/decorator/Car.java
 com.pattern.structural.decorator.Car
com/pattern/structural/proxy/WebPageImpl.java
 com.pattern.structural.proxy.WebPageImpl
com/pattern/structural/proxy/WebPage.java
 com.pattern.structural.proxy.WebPage
com/pattern/structural/decorator/BasicCar.java
 com.pattern.structural.decorator.BasicCar
com/pattern/structural/proxy/BrowserMain.java
 com.pattern.structural.proxy.BrowserMain
com/pattern/structural/decorator/Decorator.java
 com.pattern.structural.decorator.Decorator
com/pattern/structural/decorator/PassengerCar.java
 com.pattern.structural.decorator.PassengerCar
com/pattern/structural/decorator/LuxuryCar.java
 com.pattern.structural.decorator.LuxuryCar
com/pattern/structural/decorator/Main.java
 com.pattern.structural.decorator.Main
